Come on Gary, let's go.
- Hey, honey.
- Hey, sweetie.
Hey, guys.
Where you headed?
Some weird
animal rights group
is having a protest meeting.
They want to retire
some stupid parrot
who performs at the dumb zoo.
Ooh, tell me more.
Your passion is contagious.
It's a requirement
for Civics class.
Oh, my little
Erin Brockovich.
I wish.
Well, you know,
I'm going to the protest
under protest.
Yeah, see, I don't want
Timmy the parrot to retire.
He's my favorite thing
at the zoo.
Hmm. My favorite thing
is when one of the monkeys
goes off in the corner
and starts --
Enjoying their food plate.
- Ready?
- Yeah. Let's go.
Those monkeys
are out of control.
- [ giggling ]
Wow!
I'm standing right here!
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Come here, come here.
God, it's been
driving me crazy.
That woman has been
coming here every day
for the past two weeks!
Oh, yeah.
There's nothing worse
for a restaurant
than repeat customers.
No, no, no, no.
You don't understand.
She comes in here every day
by herself.
She sits at the same table.
She doesn't bring a book.
She just eats
and looks around...
for hours!
I think she's a spy
for the restaurant
across the street.
Mm! Or she's one
of those crazy people
who gets hungry
at lunchtime.
You know, if I was her,
I would hate to think
that total strangers
are sitting around
trying to figure out --
hey, did she just talk
into her lipstick?
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ What I like about you ♪
♪ You really know
how to dance ♪
♪ When you go up, down,
jump around ♪
♪ Talk about true romance ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Keep on whispering
in my ear ♪
♪ Tell me all the things
that I wanna hear ♪
♪ 'Cause it's true ♪
♪ What I like ♪
♪ That's what I like
about you ♪
♪ What I like ♪
♪ That's what I like
about you ♪
♪ What I like about you ♪
♪ That's what I like
about you ♪
♪ What I like about you ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
"P.A.R.R.O.T. --
People Advocating
Retirement Rights Of Timmy."
I'm losing interest
already.
This is a horrible
misrepresentation.
He stopped wearing that
fruit hat three years ago.
Let's just grab
some of these pamphlets
and get out of here.
Don't forget this one.
My name's Kyle.
I'm kind of in charge
of this,
so if you have any
questions, let me know.
- Wait. I have questions.
- Yeah?
Uh, what can I do
to get more involved
with helping Timmy?
Because, not having
a boyfriend and all,
I have a lot of time
on my hands,
and it's something
I feel I need to do
as a single woman
with no boyfriend.
Well, first you can
tell me your name.
Holly.
Shh! Go get a cookie!
Hey, I have
a question, too.
Why don't you
leave Timmy alone
and retire
that old raggedy lion?
See, the last time
I looked,
he didn't have a tooth
in his head.
It is just sad --
plain sad --
watching
the king of the jungle
suck up some jello.
Well, the lion hasn't been
forced to perform
five shows a day
for the past 20 years
like Timmy has.
I am sickened!
Just tell me
where you want me
and what you want me
to do.
A bunch of us are going
to the zoo tomorrow to protest.
I'll be there.
Can I bring my boyfriend?
Just kidding.
Don't have one.
Jeff, Jeff.
I've been watching
the lone diner.
That's my code name
for her.
I'm the barracuda.
Check out my notes.
"Wears no rings."
Indicating not married.
"Chews her ice."
Indicating frustration --
possibly sexual.
"Strapless bra"?
How could you tell?
Oh, no, that's for me.
I need to pick up one
for my new dress.
Oh, watch this.
Did you see that?
I sure did.
I think the kitchen's
being pretty damn generous
with the lobster ravioli.
No, she's totally
in love with your waiter.
Oh, yeah,
I guess that makes sense.
She always sits
at Jamie's table
and leaves him
a really nice tip.
Mm-hmm. Then that's it.
Mystery solved.
- Yes!
- Now, how do I get them together?
- No!
- Why?
Oh, 'cause you're
a terrible matchmaker.
No, I'm not.
What about Vicki and your
high school buddy A.J.?
Oh, yeah,
that worked out great.
I ran into him
at a Knicks game,
and he spit on me.
Don't you want them
to have what we have?
If I let you do this,
can we have what we have
a little more often?
How about right here,
right now?
What?
Yeah, talk's cheap.
Okay,
she's clearly interested
in him.
But I think she's afraid
of rejection,
so I just have to find out
if he's interested in her.
So I'll take Jamie aside,
ask him a few questions,
drop a few hints,
do a little detective work.
Oh, my God. Jamie?
Yeah? What's up?
Table 14, blue sweater --
would you?
Absolutely.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
Anything else, barracuda?
Sir, flier?
Retire Timmy?
Hey. I'll take a flier.
Great. That's a total
of...one.
This is a disaster.
I'm just gonna bail.
Hey, hey, hey.
That does not sound like
the Kyle I've known
for almost 13 hours.
Look, these things
always start small.
I mean, the global warming
movement started
when one guy said,
"Hey, is it hot out here,
or is it just me?"
- Wow.
- What?
It's just there's something
kind of attractive
about someone who's
so passionate and committed.
Well, I think there's
something kind of attractive
about people who think
passionate and committed people
are...kind of attractive.
So, you're a real
activist, huh?
Oh, yeah. I mean,
I believe in lots of stuff.
Like what?
Um, air. Ha ha.
Animals, nukes --
the big ones.
That's awesome.
Once, in the Mojave Desert,
I laid down
in front of a bulldozer
to save a family
of prairie dogs.
The desert?
Don't prairie dogs
live on the prairie?
Well, the prairie dogs
were lost.
That was the real tragedy.
Listen, could you
do me a favor?
Yeah.
Speak to these people.
- What?
- You're a lot more experienced than I am.
Oh, no, I don't know.
Please?
For Timmy?
Who?
The bird.
Right. Timmy the bird.
Yeah.
Ahem.
[ bullhorn honks ]
Hello, everyone.
Wait. Up here.
We're here today
in support of Timmy the parrot.
He's old,
and we all know how much
that can suck, huh?
I'm sorry.
I...I meant
the good kind of suck.
Okay, this is why
we need to fight for Timmy
and be aggressive, people.
Be aggressive!
Be, be aggressive!
Be...aggressive.
Be, be aggressive.
When I say "retire,"
you say "Timmy!"
Retire.
[ All ]: Retire.
No! You say "Timmy!"
Hey, Gary.
[ All ]: Hey, Gary.
Okay,
you really got to work
on the "I say, you say"
stuff, okay?
Where have you been?
You're supposed to be
protesting.
Oh, I was protesting.
$7 for peanuts?
By the way, you know you're
making a fool of yourself?
What are you
talking about?
You don't care
about Timmy.
You're just doing this
to impress that Kyle dude.
And if I were you, I'd be just
a little ashamed of myself.
Excuse me, are you with
the "Retire Timmy" protest?
I'm leading it.
G-a-r-y,
I am Gary,
a single guy!
Say Gary! Say Gary!
Say Gary!
[ knock on door ]
[ muffled ] Who is it?
It's Kyle.
Um, I'll be right there.
Oh, my God, so cold.
Holly?
Um, just give me a second.
Ahh...
um...
[ gagging ]
Oh, so, so dizzy.
Hi.
Come on in.
Ha ha.
Is this a bad time?
Oh, no, I was actually
just getting ready
to make my own soap.
In my house,
every day is earth day.
You were really great
this morning.
Thanks.
Are we alone?
Yeah.
I brought something
to show you.
Really? A surprise?
I love surprises.
You stole Timmy?
Isn't it great? And I never
would have done it
if it wasn't
for what you said.
For what I said?
Nobody ever listens
to what I say,
and there's a reason
for that.
But what about
the bulldozers,
and "be aggressive --
be, be aggressive"?
Yeah. Right now
I'm a little worried
you're going to be
arrested --
you know --
be, be arrested.
Kyle, I cannot believe
you stole Timmy.
But you were so convincing.
Everything sounds
convincing
when it comes
out of a bullhorn.
Look, what are you
going to do with him now?
I'm not sure.
But I need you to watch him
while I go to the pet store
for supplies.
I'll think of something
on the way.
No, wait. Don't leave me
here with him.
I'm not really
a bird person.
You'll be fine.
We make a great team, huh?
Who?
You and me.
Oh, right. Us.
So, Timmy,
here we are.
It's just you and me --
a bird and a girl.
[ caws ]
I'll scooch over.
Hello.
I'm just gonna turn on
the TV.
Aah!
Okay -- ha ha --
or no TV, okay?
I'm going to be in here,
so...
aah!
Hey, come on in.
Wow!
Unbelievable.
This place all yours?
Oh, yes.
Welcome to the international
house of Gary.
Ihog?
Ooh, you make it sound
so pretty.
Oh, my God,
you weren't kidding
about the view!
Yeah, go on out.
Take a look.
I'm gonna see what my cook
left in the fridge.
Gary,
what are you doing here?
Come here, come here.
I'm on a date.
You?
Yeah!
Does she know?
Yes, she knows.
She probably knows.
Look, you need to get lost
for a couple hours.
No, I can't.
Kyle stole Timmy from the zoo
and brought him here.
He stole Timmy?
Yes, and now I have to watch him
until Kyle gets back.
Well, can you watch him
somewhere
where I'm not gonna
get lucky?
That would be here.
Where is Timmy?
Oh. He's over there.
H-hey, Timmy!
[ Holly ]: Gary, no!
Oh, my God!
Was that Timmy?
Yes. Did you see
which way he went?
He flew up to the roof.
Oh, my God.
Kyle is going to be
so freaked out!
What's she doing
in your apartment?
Uh...ha ha.
She's my, uh,
my decorator.
Ha ha.
I hate this lamp!
Gary, come on! We've got
to get that bird back!
I...I'll be right back,
okay?
And we can pick up
where we left off.
Rrr!
Was that a lawnmower?
Do you like lawnmowers?
Come on!
Hi.
I don't want
to disturb you,
but can I talk to you
for a minute?
Uh, sure.
Um, okay,
I hope you don't mind,
but I've been
watching you...
a lot.
Oh, I'm very flattered,
but I tried that once
in college,
And while I felt
understood, I --
Oh, no! No!
This is not that.
It's just
from what I've observed,
I get the feeling
that you find
someone in this restaurant
very attractive.
Is it that obvious?
No.
I'm unusually perceptive.
Some say gifted.
Anyway, um,
I happen to know
that if you were to make
your feelings clear to him,
they would be
well received.
Are you sure?
Couldn't be surer.
More sure.
Absolutely.
You're right.
I'm going to go for it.
God, I'm good.
Uh...it was a pleasure
serving you?
D'oh! There he is!
Let's get him!
No, wait, don't run at him!
The last time you ran
at him, he flew away.
We have to lure him in.
I got some peanuts
left over from the zoo.
Oh, that's a great idea.
Here.
[ whistles faintly ]
Birdy want a peanut?
They're not fresh-roasted,
but they're hot
from Gary's pocket.
[ whistles faintly ]
Aah!
That was cool.
Do it again.
Gary!
Oh, great!
Now where's Timmy?
Oh! There he is!
How are we going
to reach him?
Bend down, and I'll climb
on your shoulders.
Gary!
What? I'm on a date.
I don't want to get
my clothes all rumpled.
Yet.
Squat.
Ready?
Uh, yeah.
Uh...
Aah!
Bird's trying to bite me.
Oh, way left!
Well, you got to admit,
he flies pretty good
for a bird pushing 50.
Give me a hand.
All right.
Got it?
Yeah, I think so.
- All right. Be careful.
- Okay.
- Holly, be careful.
All right, you got it?
Careful.
Come on, you got it.
Aah!
- You need some help?
- Yes!
Okay, well, go up,
and try not to slide
back down.
[ grunting ]
Ow.
Aah!
- Oh!
- Gary, help!
Holly, hang on!
Oh!
You got him, you got him!
Grab him!
With what,
my belly button?
No. No, no, no, no, no.
If you take off again,
you're dead. You get it?
He got it. You get it?
Oh, my God,
birds understand me.
I don't why I've been
given this power,
but I promise
to use it for good.
He's doing a trick
from his act.
You must have given him
a command or something.
Wait, wait.
Maybe I can get him down.
How?
Uh, okay. It goes...
ladies and gentlemen,
the hardest working bird
in show business --
Timmy!
I did it, I did it,
I did it!
I got the bird!
Gary?
Gary!
Birds of New York,
this is your leader speaking!
Come rescue me!
Anybody else coming?
How could this
have happened?
I took such good notes.
I'm gonna go
talk to her.
No, no, no, no.
You've done enough talking.
I'll go talk to her.
Uh, excuse me, uh...
Sheila.
Jeff. Nice to meet you.
Even though we just
sort of...made out.
Can I talk to you
for a sec?
Okay.
Listen, I think there was
a little miscommunication here.
See, I have a girlfriend,
and --
Look, you don't have
to explain anything.
I never
would have done that
if some crazy woman
hadn't talked me into it.
Yeah, we do get some
grade-a nut jobs in here.
Uh, listen, you've been
a really good customer,
so I hope you don't feel
weird about coming back here.
You're very nice.
And cute.
And of course
you're taken.
Your girlfriend
is lucky to have you.
She has no idea
how lucky.
Been together long?
Yeah, you know.
So you guys
are really serious?
Well, uh, kind of.
Do you love her?
Do I love her?
I'm sorry.
Is that too personal?
- No, it's okay.
- So, do you?
Well...
Well?
I --
That's her --
the crazy woman.
Yeah. They call her
the barracuda.
You know Timmy's got to go
back to the zoo, right?
Oh, yeah.
How are you going
to break it to Kyle?
Oh, Kyle won't be
a problem.
I got him wrapped around
my little finger.
Your little finger
looks a lot like Karen.
Gary!
I don't believe this.
I do not believe this.
I mean, in my house?
On my couch?
I'm sorry.
It's okay, baby.
We can work it out.
Kyle,
I think you better leave.
Okay. I understand.
You, too, Karen.
Call me.
Aren't you going
to give me the bird?
I'd love to give you the bird,
but I'm holding Timmy.
I know I shouldn't
have been eavesdropping,
but you sure were
taking your sweet time
answering
that last question.
Well, maybe I didn't want
to answer it.
'Cause you don't know?
No, because
if I was going to say it,
I would want to say it
to you, not to some stranger.
What if I were
to ask that question?
I'd answer it.
You sure you want to know?
Yeah. Tell me.
No, don't tell me.
Okay, tell me.
No, I...I --
I want to hear it
when the time is right.
There should be
candlelight and champagne.
And I don't want to hear it
because you think
I want to hear it.
I want to hear it
because you want to say it.
Wait. Do you want
to know or not?
I want you to know
that I wa --
I have a hunch.
Thank you.
Hey.
How was your day?
Fine.
Anything interesting?
Not really.
Watched a girl make out
with a guy I like.
Huh.
Me too.